---

title: "Welcome to My Pentest Journey"

categories: blog
tags: intro career-shift

---

Hey 👋<br>
my name is **Wojciech "Byt3w0lf" Goska**, and at the time of writing, I am a .NET Developer with a total of 6 years of commercial experience.
I am also a proud father of an adorable two-year-old and the husband of a gorgeous medical student.


## Why this blog?

As my wife will soon graduate, I will have a chance to make some changes to my career plans, and that is what this blog will be about.
I want to transition into something I used to do as a hobby for the past couple of months — the field of **Cybersecurity**, more precisely, its offensive side.
This seems like a tough shift, especially since I do not want to start that career path from scratch, I simply can not afford going back to being a Junior.
What I will be aiming for is a **Regular Pentester/Red Teamer** role, and to achieve that I have decided to follow a more structured way of learning than what I was doing before, which was mostly challenging **HTB** boxes, reading cybersec news, and attending conferences.
I will follow the **HTB Academy** **CPTS** certification path, after which I hope to pass the **CPTS** exam, and reach for the **OSCP**, as this is probably the most recognizable certificate - at least in HR circles.
After that, I am considering either the **OSEP** or something strictly focused on **Windows Active Directory**. But for now that is a song of the future, we will see how it all goes in a couple of months.


## What can you expect from this blog?

If everything goes according to plan, I will be posting:
- 💭 reflections I come up with along the way
- 📦 **HTB** box writeups
- 🛠️ custom tools I will be developing
- 📑 and probably some pentest reports
<br>
<br>

The idea is to use this blog both, to collect all the useful tools, tips, and tricks in one place for myself and anyone interested, as well as to showcase my journey and use this blog as a kind of “business card” that proves I already have some **hands-on Cybersecurity experience**, even if it is not strictly commercial.<br>
That is also something I hope will keep me motivated 🙂

Keep your fingers crossed,<br>
**Byt3w0lf**

